# attractive-exhibition-stand-builders-in-dubai
There are a number of reasons why a business would be motivated to participate in a trade show. From countless networking opportunities to increased sales it makes financial sense to enlist in these events. In any instance, there is one key statement, Return On Investment or ‘R.O.I’ When making a business decision one of the major considerations is the monetary impact or benefit that will result from any undertaking.  Profit margins and positive cash flow are the lifeline of any commercial entity. To be able to fully enjoy the benefits that come  with engaging in an exhibition, you need to guarantee a return on your invested capital. While some prefer to take a hit – or – miss approach, there are some measures you can take to hedge your investment.  Preparation is key when contemplating your stand. Whether you are a budding entrepreneur or an established corporate, business is driven by the passion and excitement of the individuals involved in it. There is a tendency to have this zeal transferred to new business, in which there is an expectation to have new business flock to you as soon as the doors open.  Unfortunately, things don’t always turn out that way. Most visitors to trade shows regard it as a day’s attraction. They are excited about the prospect of seeing their product of choice and the new innovations on offer. As such they usually have a full day’s to-do list set out. It is thus necessary to utilize all promotional and advertising networks prior to the show. Drum up attention and give your potential customers a sense of anticipation as the day draws closer. Look to drive sales through pre-bookings thereby, attracting  passers –  by and new business.  There’s also another consideration. Visitors to trade shows are looking to experience new products. The internet has become a rich resource to access ample information about products and services on offer. Rolling out your full product line and explaining every detail to anyone who cares to listen just won’t cut it. Rather focus attention on the best offers you have and concentrate your efforts there. If possible, select your trendiest or most innovative product and keep it at that.  Across different industries, technology has taken center stage. To gain competitive advantage against the plentiful advertisers vying for your customers’ attention, attempt to incorporate such infrastructure as 3D simulations, virtual reality and touch screens among others. This will help appeal to diverse demographics and expand your market reach.  These above – mentioned tips can all be helpful in increasing market visibility, thus warranting a healthy ROI.  In the next part of the article, focus will be put on activities that you can do during and post exhibition in order to widen the gap between profit margins and cost levels.
